Update README (#1428)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: crates/module-system/module-implementations/sov-revenue-share/README.md

| `UpdateSovereignAdmin { addr }`   | Transfer admin role             |                                               |
| `WithdrawRewards { token_id }`    | Send accumulated funds to admin | Fails if balance is zero                      |

## Notification Obligations

> In addition to integrating the revenue share module, the Sovereign Commercial License requires that you reach out to Sovereign Labs in writing at <info@sovereign.xyz> before deploying your rollup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to integrating the revenue share module, the Sovereign Commercial License requires that you reach out to Sovereign Labs in writing at <info@sovlabs.io> before deploying your rollup
```

in production. Your email must include any information necessary for Sovereign Labs to enable/disable revenue share at its discretion. This includes...
1. A link to or copy of any documentation necessary for interacting with your rollup
2. An API endpoint where Sovereign can submit transactions to enable/disable revenue share. If applicable, this endpoint must ensure that the reasonable gas costs of enabling/disabling revenue share are covered. This may be done by transferring gas tokens directly to the address listed in the revenue share module, by providing a sequencer endpoint which uses the paymaster to cover gas costs, or in any other manner that may be mutually agreed between you and Sovereign Labs.
3. (If the rollup does not make its schema available via API) A copy of the rollup's "universal wallet" schema JSON file 

## License

> This crate is distributed under the Sovereign Commercial License and is only available to rollups that have purchased premium features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate is distributed under the Sovereign Permissionless Commercial License and is only available to rollups that have purchased premium features.
```
